	Once upon a time, there was a dog named Spot. Spot was a good boy. He loved his family and he loved his family. When Spot was a young pup, he would always cry when his owners would leave. But now, Spot was a old veteran and knew the schdule of his family. He would wait paitiently by the door for his owners everyday and play with them every night. Except one day, his family didn't come back...
	Spot was a smart pup. After scanning the area and confirming his family was nowhere to be found, he ran to the neighbor's house and pawed at the door until the neighbor opened the door. "What's wrong, Spot?" said the neighbor, a retired man named Jim who had lived in the same house for over thirty years. Spot brought the neighbor to his home, and the neighbor immediately realized Spot couldn't find his family. "I knew this day would come..." said Jim. He hurried back to his own house and opened the safe in the basement he swore to his neighbors he wouldn't open ten long years ago when they moved to the neighborhood...

 Slowly, Jim pulled out a grain of rice. "This. This is why they've left, Spotty boy," Jim said. "You see, your family descended from the original rice farmers. They must've heard the news about the shortage of rice and left to replenish their legacy. Now, the reason why they didn't tell you is because their identity must remain hidden. Quinoa farmers are lurking beside each and every one of us. If the Quinoas find your family, they may never see tomorrow again... I overheard a conversation yesterday, and the Quinoas have located your family. I am too old to save your family but Spot, you. You have the power to determine their destiny.

Spot left Jim's and headed West. He knew that he had to prepare. Prepare for war. He went to train under the ancient masters of sticky rice, the ulitmate weakness to the Quinoas. Nothing made from quinoa could parallel the delectable goodness of sticky rice. He trained and trained. After a hard day's work. He was able to finally make the perfect ratio of rice to water to salt. He journey back to his house. The last known location of his family. Spot used his nose and tracked down his family. He eventually found them in the lair of the Quinoas. Mr. Quinoa began to speak his evil monologue (like all villans) but Spot didn't care for it. Using his tail, he prepared the perfect sticky rice in the blink of the eye and threw it into Mr. Quinoas' mouth and then threw it at the rest of the Quinoa family. Spot ran up to his family and barked. They went home and lived happily ever after. 

The End.
